This is a "plugin" for the Video Disk Recorder (VDR).

Written by:                  mase <inyourface@gmx.de>



Project's homepage:



Latest version available at: http://www.vdr-portal.de



See the file COPYING for license information.



Description:
With this plugin you can launch Xmame-games.
The plugin will start xmame under X, but if someone could
reactivate the sdl-dvb-driver, if should work over DVB, too.
Not tested yet.



Installation:
You need VDR (of course!), tested with version 1.4.7, and xmame.
A few roms are welcome, too.
Unpack the sources into your VDR-plugins-directory, and create a
symlink to xmame, like the other plugins.
Type make plugins to build the plugin.
Modify the script "xmame-launch" to your needs, and copy it to
/usr/local/bin/
If you want to be able to control xmame with your remotecontrol,
modify the file xmame-lircrc to your needs, and copy it to your
lirc-config-directory. Make sure, that it is loaded with
irexec /etc/lirc/xmame-lircrc
Load the plugin with -P xmame



Configuration:
At this time, there are only two setup-options:
Stop VDR before play: The VDR will be stopped, before the game
is launched. This is recommended, when using a weak machine,
xineliboutput, or softdevice. VDR will be restarted automatically
after xmame has ended. Specify the start / stop commands in the
"xmame-launch" script.

Rompath: I think, that explains itself.



lircrc:
Here are some useful keycodes to create your own lircrc-file for
the plugin:
key   keycode  function
ESC   1        Exit Emulator
UP    103      Navigate GUI
DOWN  108
LEFT  105
RIGHT 106
1     2        Start Player 1
2     3        Start Player 2
5     6        Add Coin Player 1
6     7        Add Coin Player 2
Tab   15       Open in game menu GUI
Enter 28       OK/Enter in menu
P     25       Pause game
F3    61       Reset game
~     41       OSD for Volume, gamma, etc.
F9    67       Increase Frame Skipping
F8    66       Decrease Frame Skipping
F11   87       Show/Hide Frame Skipping info



Have fun!
